OK let's start with the Earth mining operators first.
So I defined two variables a cost ten because three let's add them together and display the results
in the con..
That's pretty easy right.
Run the application.
So the result is 13.
Now let's take a look at division.
So I replaced the ADD operator weight division.
The result is three.
The interesting thing here is because both a and b are integers the result of the division ends up being
an integer if you like a floating point number as the result of the division.
You need to cast both these numbers to a float.
So
like this knife you're on the application.
The result is a floating point number.
Now let's look at the more tricky example.
Let's say see is three B's two and A's 1.
I want to show you the concept of operator precedence.
So if I type A plus B times c..
What do you expect the result to be from a mathematical perspective.
B should be multiplied by C first.
Which means two times three equals six.
And then it should be added to 1.
So the result should be 7.
Let's run the application.
So C-Sharp behaves exactly as what we expected.
So multiply or division operators have higher precedence than add or subtract if you like to change
the precedence.
You can do so by using parenthesis.
So in this case if you would like to have a and b added together first and then multiplied by C.
This is how we would achieve that.
In this case the result would be 9.
There you go.
OK.
Now let's take a look at comparison operators.
So let's get rid of C here and instead see if a is greater than B.
Very simple example right.
The result is false.
So what I want you to know here is the result of the comparison expression is always a boolean value
which is true or false.
We can't test for equality.
So double equal sign.
In this case a is not equal to be.
So the result should be false
.
Now let's see the not equal operator.
So simply have an exclamation mark here followed by an equal sign.
In this case because A is not equal to be the result should be true.
OK now let me show you a more tricky example
.
What do you expect here.
Well first this is the NOT operator which is applied on Boolean values or boolean expressions.
In this case this is a boolean expression.
And as you saw earlier it was true because A is not equal to be.
So we played the NOT operator to that.
And the result ends up being false.
Let's run the application.
So we got false here but this code is not easy to understand or easy to read because here we have two
negatives one negative and two negative.
And for us humans to be negative is hard to comprehend.
Two negatives always equal to 1 positive.
So in your program if you end up in situations where you have two negatives make sure to always inverse
them with one positive.
So in that case I can get rid of the first negative and convert the second negative to a positive like
that.
And we will get the same result which is false.
Now let's take a look at logical operators.
So I create another variable here.
VRC because thery want to change that to see greater than B and C greater than 8.
What do we expect here as the result.
Well C is greater than B.
So the result of that expression is true.
Also C is greater than a.
So the result of that expression is true as well.
And here we have the and operator so true and true equals to true.
Let's run the application.
There you go.
Now let's make a tiny change here.
So this time because we know C is not equal to a this expression evaluates to false true and false results
in false.
Let's run the application.
So we got false.
Now let's see the effect of the OR operator.
So I got to replace that and with or.
Which is double vertical line.
In this case that is true or false.
The result ends up being true.
And of course we can apply and not operator here.
As you saw earlier
which changes to true to false.
Now this expression doesn't really look easy to understand.
It's just purely for demonstration of how we can combine different operators and make up more complicated
expressions.
OK that's it for this lecture.
I hope you enjoyed it.
And thank you for watching